You're courting death.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, that's all
Stop killing such a tenacious old general
Blame them for being too weak
Big money uses force
But I didn't expect the rich general
They are all so vulnerable
It's ridiculous
It looks like we won this round of contempt
10 cities
Cede as soon as possible
Your Majesty
The final invasion
General, don't pretend
son-in-law petitions
Then this is the time for you and I not to make you shine
Don't worry, father, emperor and children have their own way
I don't think you have any big money, right?
Just like you
I can hit five of you.
What do you mean?
You still have 3 series of live face money.
I see you want to die
2 to die
Yeah, it worked!